README.md, before:

Hello there! I’m [@Rien Gupta](https://github.com/graine25)

# Interests
- Computer Engineering
- Artificial Intelligence
- Robotics
- Reverse Engineering

## Tools
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma)](https://figma.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=clion)](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/ghidra-sre.org/w/50/h/50/logo?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git)](https://git-scm.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github)](https://github.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=replit)](https://replit.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vercel)](https://vercel.com/)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio)](https://visualstudio.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode)](https://code.visualstudio.com)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/cursor.com/w/50/h/50?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://cursor.com)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/apple.com/w/50/h/50/logo?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://developer.apple.com/macos/)


## Languages
### Web Development

#### Front-End
[![HMTL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html)](https://akum.site/p/HTMLInfo)
[![CSS](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css)](https://akum.site/p/CSSInfo)
[![JavaScript](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js)](https://akum.site/p/JSInfo)
[![TypeScript](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts)](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
[![SVG](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=svg)](https://akum.site/p/SVGInfo)
[![Sass](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sass)](https://sass-lang.com)
[![Bootstrap](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bootstrap)](https://getbootstrap.com)

#### Back End
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs)](https://nodejs.org)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=npm)](https://npmjs.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express)](https://expressjs.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vite)](https://vitejs.dev)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react)](https://react.dev)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs)](https://nextjs.org)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=astro)](https://astro.build)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discordjs)](https://discord.js.org)

### Other Languages
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash)](https://akum.site/p/BASHInfo)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=powershell)](https://akum.site/p/PowerShellInfo)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py)](https://python.org)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flask)](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp)](https://cplusplus.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=md)](https://akum.site/p/MarkDownInfo)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=regex)](https://akum.site/p/RegExInfo)

## Social Media
[![Dev.to](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=devto)](https://dev.to/adarshrkumar)
[![Discord](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord)](https://discord.com/users/adarshrkumar)
[![Facebook](https://akum.site/p/FacebookIcon)](https://facebook.com/adarshrkumar)
[![Gmail](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail)](mailto:adarshravikumar2@gmail.com)
[![Instagram](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram)](https://instagram.com/adarshrkumar)
[![LinkedIn](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/adarshrkumar)
[![StackOverflow](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=stackoverflow)](https://stackoverflow.com/adarshrkumar)
[![TikTok](https://akum.site/p/TikTokIcon)](https://tiktok.com/@adarshrkumar)
[![X](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter)](https://x.com/adarshrkumar)
[![YouTube](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=youtube)](https://youtube.com/@adarshrkumar)

🌱 I’m currently working with HTML, CSS, JS, [Python](https://python.org), C++, and [Astro](https://astro.build)!
💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
📫 How to reach me: Email: [adarshrumar@aol.com](mailto:adarshrumar@aol.com)

<!-- <a href="https://adarshrkumar.dev/portfolio" style="margin-inline: auto;" width="500">
  <img alt="Adarsh Kumar's Website" src="https://image.thum.io/get/maxAge/12/width/500/https://adarshrkumar.dev/portfolio">
</div> -->
  
<!---
  adarshrkumar/adarshrkumar is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
  You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

fixed facebook and other email stuff

README.md, after:

Hello there! I’m [@Rien Gupta](https://github.com/graine25)

# Interests
- Computer Engineering
- Artificial Intelligence
- Robotics
- Reverse Engineering

## Tools
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma)](https://figma.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=clion)](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/ghidra-sre.org/w/50/h/50/logo?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git)](https://git-scm.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github)](https://github.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=replit)](https://replit.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vercel)](https://vercel.com/)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio)](https://visualstudio.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode)](https://code.visualstudio.com)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/cursor.com/w/50/h/50?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://cursor.com)
[![My Skills](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/apple.com/w/50/h/50/theme/light/logo?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://developer.apple.com/macos/)


## Languages
### Web Development

#### Front-End
[![HMTL](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html)](https://akum.site/p/HTMLInfo)
[![CSS](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css)](https://akum.site/p/CSSInfo)
[![JavaScript](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js)](https://akum.site/p/JSInfo)
[![SVG](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=svg)](https://akum.site/p/SVGInfo)

#### Back End
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs)](https://nodejs.org)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=npm)](https://npmjs.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs)](https://nextjs.org)

### Other Languages
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash)](https://akum.site/p/BASHInfo)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=powershell)](https://akum.site/p/PowerShellInfo)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py)](https://python.org)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp)](https://cplusplus.com)
[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=md)](https://akum.site/p/MarkDownInfo)

## Social Media
[![Discord](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=discord)](https://discord.com/users/Graine25)
[![Facebook](https://cdn.brandfetch.io/facebook.com/w/50/h/50/logo?c=1idsRGhEvaII6g6-Lnq)](https://facebook.com/rien.gupta)
[![Instagram](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram)](https://instagram.com/grien007)
[![LinkedIn](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/riengupta)
[![X](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter)](https://x.com/graine25)
[![YouTube](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=youtube)](https://youtube.com/@graine25)

I’m currently working with C++ and other Web Design related frameworks
📫 How to reach me: Email: [rieng007@gmail.com](mailto:rieng007@gmail.com)

<!-- <a href="https://adarshrkumar.dev/portfolio" style="margin-inline: auto;" width="500">
  <img alt="Adarsh Kumar's Website" src="https://image.thum.io/get/maxAge/12/width/500/https://adarshrkumar.dev/portfolio">
</div> -->
  
<!---
  adarshrkumar/adarshrkumar is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
  You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
